Improve configuration instructions (#203)
Karumi/Shot: README.md

      classpath 'com.karumi:shot:5.10.3'
    }
  }
```

> Apply the plugin from any of the modules configured in yoru project. In a simple Andorid app your ``app/build.gradle`` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply the plugin from any of the modules configured in your project. In a simple Android app your ``app/build.gradle`` file:
```
